Old Chu, it's okay.
I am thirsty.
Thank you Mr. Long for sending me water.
Old Chu, you are a bit interesting.
I will give you a face.
Don't drink my wine.
What are you doing there?
Hurry up, thank you Long ca for coming to try.
Thank you, Long ca, for your courage.
So you and the punishment
take a rest
Push your nose up to your face?
I said I don't care if you bring people yourself.
No need to go through the hassle.
This bastard.
Seeing his friend being scolded, he didn't dare to blow his head.
It's no surprise that I played with fire after college.
Ha ha ha
I heard that Tran Hong did not break up with me later.
Exactly your wife
He is also a treasure haha
About Tran Pham
You must also thank the class monitor.
Did you develop your wife so well in college?
Ha ha ha, this sentence says exactly about my taste.
What advise me to deliver?
You can play new game for me immediately.
Ha ha ha